and the Lord spoke to Moses in the
and the Lord spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan across from
plains of Moab by the Jordan across from
plains of Moab by the Jordan across from Jericho command the children of Israel
Jericho command the children of Israel
Jericho command the children of Israel that they give the Levites cities to
that they give the Levites cities to
that they give the Levites cities to dwell in from the inheritance of their
dwell in from the inheritance of their
dwell in from the inheritance of their possession and you shall also give the
possession and you shall also give the
possession and you shall also give the Levites common land around the cities
Levites common land around the cities
Levites common land around the cities they shall have the cities to dwell in
they shall have the cities to dwell in
they shall have the cities to dwell in and their common land shall be for their
and their common land shall be for their
and their common land shall be for their cattle for their herds and for all their
cattle for their herds and for all their
cattle for their herds and for all their animals the common land of the cities
animals the common land of the cities
animals the common land of the cities which you will give to the Levites shall
which you will give to the Levites shall
which you will give to the Levites shall extend from the wall of the city outward
extend from the wall of the city outward
extend from the wall of the city outward a thousand cubits all around and you
a thousand cubits all around and you
a thousand cubits all around and you shall measure outside the city on the
shall measure outside the city on the
shall measure outside the city on the east side two thousand cubits on the
east side two thousand cubits on the
east side two thousand cubits on the south side two thousand cubits on the
south side two thousand cubits on the
south side two thousand cubits on the west side two thousand cubits and on the
west side two thousand cubits and on the
west side two thousand cubits and on the north side two thousand cubits the city
north side two thousand cubits the city
north side two thousand cubits the city shall be in the middle this shall belong
shall be in the middle this shall belong
shall be in the middle this shall belong to them as common land for the cities
to them as common land for the cities
to them as common land for the cities now among the cities which you will give
now among the cities which you will give
now among the cities which you will give to the Levites you shall appoint six
to the Levites you shall appoint six
to the Levites you shall appoint six cities of refuge to which a man Slayer
cities of refuge to which a man Slayer
cities of refuge to which a man Slayer may flee and to these you shall add
may flee and to these you shall add
may flee and to these you shall add forty two cities so all the cities you
forty two cities so all the cities you
forty two cities so all the cities you will give to the Levites shall be 48
will give to the Levites shall be 48
will give to the Levites shall be 48 these you shall give with their common
these you shall give with their common
these you shall give with their common land and the cities which you will give
land and the cities which you will give
land and the cities which you will give shall be from the possession of the
shall be from the possession of the
shall be from the possession of the children of Israel from the larger tribe
children of Israel from the larger tribe
children of Israel from the larger tribe you shall give many from the smaller you
you shall give many from the smaller you
you shall give many from the smaller you shall give fuel each shall give some of
shall give fuel each shall give some of
shall give fuel each shall give some of its cities to the Levites in proportion
its cities to the Levites in proportion
its cities to the Levites in proportion to the inheritance that each receives
to the inheritance that each receives
to the inheritance that each receives from the Lord spoke to Moses saying
from the Lord spoke to Moses saying
from the Lord spoke to Moses saying speak to the children of Israel and say
speak to the children of Israel and say
speak to the children of Israel and say to them when you cross the Jordan into
to them when you cross the Jordan into
to them when you cross the Jordan into the land of Canaan then you shall
the land of Canaan then you shall
the land of Canaan then you shall appoint cities to be cities of refuge
appoint cities to be cities of refuge
appoint cities to be cities of refuge for you that the man Slayer who kills
for you that the man Slayer who kills
for you that the man Slayer who kills any person accidentally may flee there
any person accidentally may flee there
any person accidentally may flee there they shall be cities of refuge for you
they shall be cities of refuge for you
they shall be cities of refuge for you from the Avenger that the manslayer may
from the Avenger that the manslayer may
from the Avenger that the manslayer may not die until he stands before the
not die until he stands before the
not die until he stands before the congregation in judgment and of the
congregation in judgment and of the
congregation in judgment and of the cities which you give you shall have six
cities which you give you shall have six
cities which you give you shall have six cities of refuge you shall appoint three
cities of refuge you shall appoint three
cities of refuge you shall appoint three cities on this side of the Jordan and
cities on this side of the Jordan and
cities on this side of the Jordan and three cities you shall appoint in the
three cities you shall appoint in the
three cities you shall appoint in the land of Canaan which will be cities of
land of Canaan which will be cities of
land of Canaan which will be cities of refuge these six cities shall be for
refuge these six cities shall be for
refuge these six cities shall be for refuge for the children of Israel for
refuge for the children of Israel for
refuge for the children of Israel for the stranger and for the Sojourner among
the stranger and for the Sojourner among
the stranger and for the Sojourner among them that anyone who kills a person
them that anyone who kills a person
them that anyone who kills a person accidentally may flee there but if he
accidentally may flee there but if he
accidentally may flee there but if he strikes him with an iron implement so
strikes him with an iron implement so
strikes him with an iron implement so that he dies he is a murderer the
that he dies he is a murderer the
that he dies he is a murderer the murderer shall surely be put to death
murderer shall surely be put to death
murderer shall surely be put to death and if he strikes him with a stone in
and if he strikes him with a stone in
and if he strikes him with a stone in the hand by which one could die and he
the hand by which one could die and he
the hand by which one could die and he does die he is a murderer the murderer
does die he is a murderer the murderer
does die he is a murderer the murderer shall surely be put to death or if he
shall surely be put to death or if he
shall surely be put to death or if he strikes him with a wooden hand weapon by
strikes him with a wooden hand weapon by
strikes him with a wooden hand weapon by which one could die and he does die he
which one could die and he does die he
which one could die and he does die he is a murderer the murderer shall surely
is a murderer the murderer shall surely
is a murderer the murderer shall surely be put to death the Avenger of blood
be put to death the Avenger of blood
be put to death the Avenger of blood himself shall put the murderer to death
himself shall put the murderer to death
himself shall put the murderer to death when he meets him he shall put him to
when he meets him he shall put him to
when he meets him he shall put him to death if he pushes him out of hatred or
death if he pushes him out of hatred or
death if he pushes him out of hatred or while lying in wait hurls something at
while lying in wait hurls something at
while lying in wait hurls something at him so that he dies or in enmity he
him so that he dies or in enmity he
him so that he dies or in enmity he strikes him with his hand so that he
strikes him with his hand so that he
strikes him with his hand so that he dies the one who struck him shall surely
dies the one who struck him shall surely
dies the one who struck him shall surely be put to death he is a murderer
be put to death he is a murderer
be put to death he is a murderer the Avenger of blood shall put the
the Avenger of blood shall put the
the Avenger of blood shall put the murderer today
murderer today
murderer today when he meets him however if he pushes
when he meets him however if he pushes
when he meets him however if he pushes him suddenly without any mitten or
him suddenly without any mitten or
him suddenly without any mitten or throws anything at him without lying in
throws anything at him without lying in
throws anything at him without lying in wait or uses a stone by which a man
wait or uses a stone by which a man
wait or uses a stone by which a man could die throwing it at him without
could die throwing it at him without
could die throwing it at him without seeing him
seeing him
seeing him so that he dies while he was not his
so that he dies while he was not his
so that he dies while he was not his enemy or seeking his harm then the
enemy or seeking his harm then the
enemy or seeking his harm then the congregation shall judge between the
congregation shall judge between the
congregation shall judge between the manslayer and the Avenger of blood
manslayer and the Avenger of blood
manslayer and the Avenger of blood according to these judgments so the
according to these judgments so the
according to these judgments so the congregation shall deliver the manslayer
congregation shall deliver the manslayer
congregation shall deliver the manslayer from the hand of the Avenger of blood
from the hand of the Avenger of blood
from the hand of the Avenger of blood and the congregation shall return him to
and the congregation shall return him to
and the congregation shall return him to the City of Refuge where he had fled and
the City of Refuge where he had fled and
the City of Refuge where he had fled and he shall remain there until the death of
he shall remain there until the death of
he shall remain there until the death of the high priest who was anointed with
the high priest who was anointed with
the high priest who was anointed with the holy oil
the holy oil
the holy oil but if the man Slayer at any time goes
but if the man Slayer at any time goes
but if the man Slayer at any time goes outside the limits of the City of Refuge
outside the limits of the City of Refuge
outside the limits of the City of Refuge where he fled and the Avenger of blood
where he fled and the Avenger of blood
where he fled and the Avenger of blood finds him outside the limits of his city
finds him outside the limits of his city
finds him outside the limits of his city of refuge and the Avenger of blood kills
of refuge and the Avenger of blood kills
of refuge and the Avenger of blood kills the manslayer he shall not be guilty of
the manslayer he shall not be guilty of
the manslayer he shall not be guilty of blood because he should have remained in
blood because he should have remained in
blood because he should have remained in his city of refuge until the death of
his city of refuge until the death of
his city of refuge until the death of the high priest but after the death of
the high priest but after the death of
the high priest but after the death of the high priest the manslayer may return
the high priest the manslayer may return
the high priest the manslayer may return to the
to the
to the of his position and these things shall
of his position and these things shall
of his position and these things shall be a statute of judgement to you
be a statute of judgement to you
be a statute of judgement to you throughout your generations in all your
throughout your generations in all your
throughout your generations in all your dwellings whoever kills a person the
dwellings whoever kills a person the
dwellings whoever kills a person the murderer shall be put to death on the
murderer shall be put to death on the
murderer shall be put to death on the testimony of witnesses but one witness
testimony of witnesses but one witness
testimony of witnesses but one witness is not sufficient testimony against a
is not sufficient testimony against a
is not sufficient testimony against a person for the death penalty moreover
person for the death penalty moreover
person for the death penalty moreover you shall take no ransom for the life of
you shall take no ransom for the life of
you shall take no ransom for the life of a murderer who is guilty of death but he
a murderer who is guilty of death but he
a murderer who is guilty of death but he shall surely be put to death and you
shall surely be put to death and you
shall surely be put to death and you shall take no ransom for him who was
shall take no ransom for him who was
shall take no ransom for him who was fled to his city of refuge that he may
fled to his city of refuge that he may
fled to his city of refuge that he may return to dwell in the land before the
return to dwell in the land before the
return to dwell in the land before the death of the priests so you shall not
death of the priests so you shall not
death of the priests so you shall not pollute the land where you are for blood
pollute the land where you are for blood
pollute the land where you are for blood defiles the land and no atonement can be
defiles the land and no atonement can be
defiles the land and no atonement can be made for the land for the blood that is
made for the land for the blood that is
made for the land for the blood that is shed on it except by the blood of him
shed on it except by the blood of him
shed on it except by the blood of him who shed it therefore do not defile the
who shed it therefore do not defile the
who shed it therefore do not defile the land which you inhabit in the midst of
land which you inhabit in the midst of
land which you inhabit in the midst of which I dwell for I the Lord dwell among
which I dwell for I the Lord dwell among
which I dwell for I the Lord dwell among the children of Israel